SwiftUI View: Rounded rectangle shape (#1293)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/roundedrectangle/roundedrectangle.md

---
Title: 'RoundedRectangle'
Description: 'Creates a rectangular shape with rounded corners inside the frame of the view containing it.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Rounded Rectangle'
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`RoundedRectangle`** view is a pre-built rectangular shape with rounded corners that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it.

SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as a [rectangle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/rectangle), ellipse, and capsule.

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    RoundedRectangle(cornerRadius: Int)
        Modifiers here
}
```

## Example

> The example below displays a cyan colored rectangle, with rounded corners, with a frame of `200` wide x `50` height:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below displays a cyan colored rectangle, with rounded corners, with a frame of `200` points wide by `50` points high:
```
